Community practices documentation first version (#3)
physiopy/physiopy-community-guidelines: docs/source/physiopy_community.md

Reviewer: Typo? photoplethysmographypulse.

This section would probably make more sense after the types of signals have been introduced (in the next section?). Depending on which section comes first, you may want to introduce all acronyms the first time they appear (including ECG /EKG as well as PPG).

Reviewer 2: We changed this section to provide a brief introduction to the community and the Community Practices meetings, for some context. We are still including the types of signals, but now we introduce the acronyms (here ddcf641, d9a164e and the latest 6de1799)

# 2. What type of physiological data does the Physiopy community work with?

> The most common types of physiological data acquired in fMRI analysis within members of our community are cardiac (photoplethysmographypulse, ECG/EKG) and respiration, either ventilation (respiratory belt) and/or gas concentration (particularly expired CO2). Links are provided to their lab websites if you wish to reach out about questions or look through any methods/analyses in their publications.

Reviewer 3: The first and second sentence somehow do not flow - what does the "their" in "their lab websites" refer to? Data? Maybe change "their" to "some common examples by labs of members in the community" or something

> The most common types of physiological data acquired in fMRI analysis within members of our community are cardiac (photoplethysmographypulse, ECG/EKG) and respiration, either ventilation (respiratory belt) and/or gas concentration (particularly expired CO2). Links are provided to their lab websites if you wish to reach out about questions or look through any methods/analyses in their publications.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The most common types of physiological data acquired in fMRI analysis within members of our community are cardiac (photoplethysmographypulse, ECG/EKG) and respiration, either ventilation (respiratory belt) and/or gas concentration (particularly expired CO2). Links to some common examples and tools provided by members of the community and their labs' websites are listed below if you wish to reach out about questions or look through any methods/analyses in their publications.
```
